I've been told that you can't go to the old man's place.
I'm not old, but I'm old.
I was old in the old house, but I've been living in the old house since I was a child.
It's a great house made of bricks.
It's a place where two people can live together.
If you have a wooden hammer, you'll be able to go there.
If you don't have a wooden hammer, you'll have to go.
Two people are a big mess.
The temperature is rising.
Tokyo is a gold clock.
It's a weapon clock.
What? A weapon clock?
If it's a weapon clock, is it a U.S. military?
Is he stupid?
It's a school.
It's a school for children.
I hate anyone.
I'm going to do it in a big place.
Come out at 8 o'clock when the sun goes down.
Do you understand?
I'm going to wait for you at 8 o'clock when the sun goes down.
It's 9 o'clock.
It's a big house.
It's a good house.
I'm going to go to the entrance.
Come here.
I don't like it either.
I'm sorry.
I've been thinking about it for a long time.
He said,
I'm sorry, but if you come in and say that I'm sorry,
I'll come in and beat you up.
Did you answer?
I didn't say I was sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know who you answered.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I was just at my house today.
I told the cat that I was going to be a cat.
The cat didn't want me to be a cat.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not thinking too big.
Tell me, tell me.
Let me talk to you.
I'll tell you what, give me.
I'll talk to him and he'll be like,
Oh, come on.
It's not a dog going to a thief's home.
He should be happy.
I can't make a person leaving from here carrying a poisonous treats.
We'll have to wait until he comes to that twenty,
so much so that we'll play like two rats playing there.
I find it wiping smaller stuff.
A snake is playing alsody or something with its tail.
It's very difficult to win over this kind of
If you push the business a little more,
will you step on a little overcome you?
Fill the koisha with ko该
It's very difficult to save a lot of time
GM is difficult to PC
One for T Zar sur to the ko塚
I don't have enough money
You can't just say that.
You have to do it like this.
I'll do it like this.
Where do I start?
You have to do it like this.
My voice is so stupid.